//Content is creating using mockapi
//This allows for seemless updating to the website without editing project code

[
  {
    "title": "Hand Hero",
    "desc": "write description here.",
    "slug": "excepturi-architecto-quos",
    "image": "https://github.com/rubenreh/Hand-Hero/blob/main/HandHeroV1.png?raw=true",
    "date": "August 2, 2024",
    "content": "Hand Hero is a cutting-edge assistive device engineered to improve the quality of life for individuals 
with limited hand mobility. Whether due to injury, arthritis, or neurological conditions, many people face challenges 
with tasks that require fine motor skills and grip strength. Hand Hero addresses these challenges by offering an 
ergonomic design that enhances grip and control, allowing users to perform everyday activities with greater ease and 
independence. From holding utensils and writing tools to managing other small objects, this device is a game-changer, 
restoring confidence and autonomy to those who need it most. With Hand Hero, the power to take control of daily life 
is literally at your fingertips!<br><br><a href=\"https://mrhealthandfit.com/2024/ruben-rehal\" style=\"color: blue; 
text-decoration: underline;\">https://sites.google.com/view/ruben-rehal-portfolio/hand-hero?authuser=0</a>",
    "id": "1"
  },
  {
    "title": "Mr. Health & Fitness 2024",
    "desc": "write description here.",
    "slug": "excepturi-architecto-quos",
    "image": "https://github.com/rubenreh/Ruben-Rehal-Portfolio/blob/main/public/img/fithealthext.png?raw=true",
    "date": "June 9, 2024",
    "content": "Competing in Mr. Health & Fitness 2024 was an incredible experience for me, where I had the opportunity 
to showcase my dedication to fitness and inspire others. I placed 15th in my group, which was a significant achievement 
given the high level of competition. The contest wasn't just about personal accolades; it also had a meaningful cause 
behind it. My participation supported the Be Positive Foundation, a charity committed to aiding families in need, 
funding crucial childhood cancer research, and raising awareness about the fight against childhood cancer. I was honored 
to be part of an event that emphasized both physical health and a commitment to a greater good. Being the first 18-year-old 
to compete in this contest, I aimed to embody dedication and inspire others with the belief that fitness is a lifestyle, 
not a trend. The support I received from family, friends, and the community was overwhelming and deeply appreciated. 
Together, we contributed to a cause that makes a real difference in the lives of children and their families, proving 
that fitness and philanthropy can go hand in hand.<br><br><a href=\"https://mrhealthandfit.com/2024/ruben-rehal\" 
style=\"color: blue; text-decoration: underline;\">https://mrhealthandfit.com/2024/ruben-rehal</a>",
    "id": "2"
  },
  {
    "title": "First Co-op",
    "desc": "write description here.",
    "slug": "excepturi-architecto-quos",
    "image": "https://github.com/rubenreh/Ruben-Rehal-Portfolio/blob/main/public/img/productmgnt.PNG?raw=true",
    "date": "May 6, 2024",
    "content": "I'm thrilled to share that I've secured my first co-op position as a Product Management Intern at Red 
Leaf IT Systems! This exciting opportunity begins on May 6th, 2024, and marks the start of a new chapter in my journey 
toward a career in technology and engineering.",
    "id": "3"
  },
  {
    "title": "Entering Second Year.",
    "desc": "write description here.",
    "slug": "nam-nam-consequuntur",
    "image": "https://github.com/rubenreh/Ruben-Rehal-Portfolio/blob/main/public/img/finalday.PNG?raw=true",
    "date": "May 4, 2024",
    "content": "I'm excited to announce that Iâ€™ve successfully passed my first year of Computer Engineering at the 
University of Waterloo! This past year has been filled with learning, challenges, and growth. From diving into advanced 
programming languages to tackling complex engineering problems, every moment has been a step toward becoming a proficient engineer!",
    "id": "4"
  }
]

